PROCJAM2018 entry The Inevitable Journey
-------------

A tale told by a computer about a walk that needed to be taken.


example output so far
====

I was on my way to the shops, and they were closed, and I had my
stuff, so I thought, I'll just go to the next town; make an adventure
out of it, and it turned into this. I left Lumpbrook behind,
travelling down hill, following the flow of the Lump. It was nice out,
and the going was easy. I should have realised that I would end up at
Hunters Woods, but it came up on me by surprise. It jogged my memory
of Bella. She loved climbing trees as a kid. She was stuck up a tree
while I was nearby, and I tried to help her out. She landed on me and
it was hilarious. Not at the time, but that's when she started really
treating me like a big brother. Bella spent quite a bit of time in and
around Hunters Woods when she was younger; there are still some
carvings to prove it too.

When I found the other side of Hunters Woods I realised I would be
soon coming across Lower Pindleford. I'd been to Lower Pindleford
before a while back, but couldn't remember much about it, so I was
pleasantly surprised that as I approached, I was able to remember
enough to find a place to get a bit to eat. I had remembered that the
The Black Horse was a nice place, so headed there. In there, I met a
nice lad who called himself Kai Garnet. We chatted for a while, and I
learned that he worked at St David's, which was the local church for
most of the people from Lower Pindleford. He mentioned that some of
the congregation were originally from Lumpbrook, and offered to take
me home. It took this offer to bring about the realisation that I was
not going to return.

I finished up, said goodbye to Kai, then left The Black Horse. I
walked through the village for a bit while my mind wandered. Bella was
always doing this. She was always starting something, and just when
you thought she would give up, she would change tactics, or redouble
her efforts, and forge on. She always had a goal. A distant horizon to
aim at. That was the main difference between us, I always thought.
There she was, always taking steps towards a goal, and there was I,
taking steps. Now, it's I taking the steps towards a goal. What that
goal is, I wasn't sure at the time, but I knew it was away from
Lumpbrook, so I started by doing precisely that. Leaving by the
opposite road out of the village of Lower Pindleford.

As you leave Lower Pindleford, you always have to travel the road that
leads alongside Beech Forest. It's a pleasant woods, but it's probably
the reason why the village hasn't grown as much as it could. The walk
was good and the going was easy as I was barely carrying anything. I
must have been walking for nearly twenty minutes with nothing but the
birds and crickets to keep me company. I walked past a little road
side cafe at some point. The lass at the counter asked if I was lost,
but I assured them I was just taking a walk. She wished me well, and I
continued on my way. I realised that Bella had asked me the same thing
a number of times. Was I lost. Though she had asked it in a more
philosphical way.

The scenery was lovely, but the day was wearing on. I had enjoyed the
walk, but I needed to find somewhere to stay for the night. When I got
to the junction, I decided to make my way to Mound on the Crobble as
it wasn't too far and was still heading away from Lumpbrook. On
approaching the village, I spotted a bunch of shops that would do the
job of kitting me out for the rest of my adventure. I was please about
this as I realised that it had been quite some time since I had
attempted such a thing. There weren't any obvious hotels, but when I
asked at the The Windrose, they were surprised I didn't know they
provided overnight stays. I wasn't sure, but took a room nonetheless.
As it turns out, the boy behind the bar was related to the lass I met
on the road. They had lived around this way for all their lives. Much
like Bella and I, but they had never left Mound on the Crobble. Bella
wasn't one for staying in one place very long. She wasn't running away
from anything though. That much was clear. Though I was not such a
wide and varied explorer, I had at least left home on holiday, or on
business.

The idea of staying in one place, forever, just felt like a waste of a
life. Albert, the boy behind the bar, told me that people have asked
why they never left Mound on the Crobble. It wasn't that they wanted
to stay, he said, but more that they didn't see a reason to go
anywhere else. I thought about how this made me feel. I thought, maybe
they didn't feel safe to travel, in case they couldn't find their way
back. Maybe that's why Bella asked me if I was lost too. I continued
to think about this, maybe a little too long, then made my way to my
bed for the night.

By morning, I was paying for the activities of the previous day. I
knew that I had to pace myself. I knew I had to prepare for the day,
so I made my way downstairs. They had put on a cereal breakfast, which
was fair, so I ate, settled up, then went on my shopping trip. I got
myself a rucksack, nothing too large, I didn't want to overburden
myself.
